#### Analysis

### Test set 1

A string $X$ of length $L$ is strictly increasing, if for every pair of indices
$i$ and $j$ such that $1 \le i \lt j \le L$ ($1$-based), the character at
position $i$ is smaller than the character at position $j$. Using this, we can
say that $X_i \lt X_{i+1}$ for $1 \le i \lt L$. We can check this in $O(L)$
time complexity for string $X$.

There are $O(\mathbf{N}^{2})$ substrings of string $\mathbf{S}$ each of which
can have length at most $\mathbf{N}$. We can iterate over each substring and
check whether it is strictly increasing in $O(\mathbf{N})$ time. If a substring
from $i$ to $j$ is strictly increasing, update the length of longest strictly
increasing substring ending at index $j$ to $jâˆ’i+1$ if it is greater than the
previous found length. The overall time complexity of the solution is
$O(\mathbf{N}^3)$.

Consider the following example with string $bbcd$. There is only $1$ substring
($b$) ending at index $1$. Hence, the answer for index $1$ is $1$. There are
$2$ substrings ($b$ and $bb$) which end at index $2$. $bb$ is not strictly
increasing string. [sic] Hence, the answer for index $2$ is $1$. There are $3$
substrings ($bbc$, $bc$, and $c$) ending at index $3$. $bbc$ is not strictly
increasing as $b$ is repeated twice. $bc$ is the longest strictly increasing
substring ending at index $3$. Hence, answer for index $3$ is $2$. [sic] There
are $4$ substrings ($bbcd$, $bcd$, $cd$, and $d$) ending at index $4$. $bbcd$
is not strictly increasing as b [sic] is repeated twice. $bcd$ is the longest
strictly increasing substring ending at index $4$. Hence, answer for index $4$
is $3$. [sic]

##### Sample Code(C++)

```C++
vector<int> longestStrictlyIncreasingSubstring(string S) {
  vector<int> answer(S.size(), 0);
  for(int i = 0; i < S.size(); i++) {
    for(int j = i; j < S.size(); j++) {
      bool is_strictly_increasing = true;
      for(int k = i; k < j; k++) {
        is_strictly_increasing &= (S[k] < S[k+1]);
      }
      if(is_strictly_increasing) {
        answer[j] = max(answer[j], j - i + 1);
      }
    }
  }
  return answer;
}
```

### Test set 2

We cannot check each substring of string $\mathbf{S}$ for this test set due to
the large constraints. We already know that, for a string $\mathbf{S}$ to be
strictly increasing, $\mathbf{S_i} \lt \mathbf{S_{i+1}}$ for
$1 \le i \lt \mathbf{N}$. Consider that we have already calculated the length
of the longest strictly increasing substring that ends at position $i$. Let
this length be $MaxLen(i)$. Now we need to compute the answer for position
$i+1$. There is no need to consider all substrings ending at position $i+1$. We
can simply check if $\mathbf{S_i} \lt \mathbf{S_{i+1}}$. If this condition is
satisfied, we can simply append S(i+1) [sic] to the longest increasing
substring ending at i [sic] and it would still be increasing and update
$MaxLen(i+1) = MaxLen(i) + 1$. Otherwise, $MaxLen(i) = 1$. This way, we can
calculate the length of the longest strictly increasing substring that ends at
position $i$ in constant time. Hence, the overall time complexity of the
solution is $O(\mathbf{N})$.

Consider the following example with string $bbcda$. For index $1$,
$MaxLen(1) = 1$. For index $2$, we can see that index $1$ and index $2$ have
equal values and thus do not satisfy the constraint
$\mathbf{S_i} \lt \mathbf{S_{i+1}}$. In this case, $MaxLen(2) = 1$. For index
$3$, $\mathbf{S_2} \lt \mathbf{S_3}$, hence [sic] we can extend the longest
strictly increasing substring ending at index $\mathbf{2}$ [sic]. In this case,
$MaxLen(3) = 2$. For index $4$, $\mathbf{S_3} \lt \mathbf{S_4}$, hence [sic] we
can extend the longest strictly increasing substring ending at index
$\mathbf{3}$ [sic]. In this case, $MaxLen(4) = 3$. For index $4$,
$\mathbf{S_4} \gt \mathbf{S_5}$ which violates the condition for strictly
increasing substring. In this case, $MaxLen(5) = 1$.

##### Sample Code(C++)

```C++
vector<int> longestStrictlyIncreasingSubstring(string S) {
  vector<int> answer(S.size(), 0);
  answer[0] = 1;
  for(int i = 1; i < S.size(); i++) {
      if(S[i - 1] < S[i]) {
        answer[i] = answer[i - 1] + 1;
      }
      else {
        answer[i] = 1;
      }
  }
  return answer;
}
```

[Test Data](test_data)
